docs(devserver): add documentation for liveReload option (#3051)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/dev-server.md

T> If you use the CLI, make sure __inline mode__ is disabled.

## `devServer.liveReload`

`boolean: true`

> When `devServer.liveReload` is disabled, the dev-server will never reload/refresh the page.

Reviewer: `never` appears to be a bit awkward.

Author: @wizardofhogwarts i updated the description with more detailed one, can you please check it ? thanks.

T> If you use the CLI, make sure __inline mode__ is disabled.

## `devServer.liveReload`

`boolean: true`

> When `devServer.liveReload` is enabled, the dev-server will reload/refresh the page when file changes if [`devServer.hot`](#devserverhot) option is disabled or [`devServer.watchContentBase`](#devserverwatchcontentbase) is enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the dev-server will reload/refresh the page when file changes are detected. [`devServer.hot`](#devserverhot) option must be disabled or [`devServer.watchContentBase`](#devserverwatchcontentbase) option must be enabled in order for `liveReload` to take effect. Disable `devServer.liveReload` by setting it to `false`:
```

__webpack.config.js__

```javascript
module.exports = {
  //...
  devServer: {

>     liveReload: true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    liveReload: false
```

  }
};
```

Usage via the CLI

```bash

> webpack-dev-server --live-reload

Reviewer 2: Isn't this default? Why we need to pass it
